we will see the realization in the room
in a show not
we will be able to realize this benefit of course they must have meat
chop them normally with a knife here or there we have for the preparation of
rules of hygiene of the minced meat machine that has just been the name of
a few moments ago
to decorate this preparation
we will use different ingredients
we start in the bank by no one else
king had missed salt pepper domota and then the untenable give a
based
mayonnaise
that we are flavored to the reported wolves
of tabasco with english sauce
and that you are afraid
before introducing
sadly chiseled
rock ledges
small optical theaters
from 6am to 6am
to the demon of the benefit I start so with a
dasquié guillaume placed in the center of a soup plate
to that I add all
an old woman
since she
alexander
I know
generous
because those and everyone I've been able to
in the folder he messed up cyclists
necessary for large sizes
my staff
thank you
generously also
and so I'm already going
mix this preparation
so I work well with yahoo
the dish of the fork
turning his in one direction as in the other
to me a new model but he is already at the start
my preparation
then because he simply
p
so you need to this course for a delicate mans him
so that the same no
we have a mayonnaise that come
in which case it would be necessary to restart the preparation
so I turn
and always continue as you go
in order to advance in the work
I have already prepared an abandon
a mayonnaise that will allow me
to work a little faster
to this mayonnaise
I will add
I will tell
few drops
very bitter point
the 62nd
if borloo is like the preparation
few drops
from tabasco
after the tartare must be noted otherwise it is not too late
the mixture with water
all this preparation
an agreement to understand it well
Normally it's already good aromas to emerge simon already we
give a little bit
the trend from the static point
once this price is recorded
using my savage serge place
I still have pop
chopped onions
I just love it
the hidden cornices
this poses in january
without all these products are all very important lots for preparation
because everyone
my family a sad specific
to the preparation
add three quarters
others hide in it
I'm going with a fork
biarritz crashed
we have six injured the gap
who wants to clear a maximum of trees
so it's a bit like preparing a cocktail at daegu
the diocese of lemon
the text
of these products
which of course go aromatic and then
our language c
so you have to work well
in a way
very homogeneous
to be able to drink
preparation
that the maputo client afp
appreciated
we will of course have taken care to ask the customer before
below and his steak tartar rather raised
traditional
because they
the group
to tell it at the beginning
if we have to rectify the seasoning at the end
it's not exactly the same
so if we worked well for him
I want to be quiet
my minced meat
that his head is put
in my preparation
and I come
so my club needs to prepare our source
this mixture
homogenously with minced meat
that all the particles
samir laabidi
so it goes without saying that when you have a tartare
a meat
for the barca which is hidden with a knife
we need much less
from afp source
given
that not the pieces being bigger
the homogenization of the myth and the bassem led to be made of
way
but there they have a life between 6am and machines
it takes a lot more worries
at the end of the afternoon
all the particles of violence
how the preparation
we will simply grab
Customer's steel
after having of course taste the product
thing that I'm not going to do here on this video because
it does not make sense
the video does not allow to show through
but he magnifying
and so I'm just going
get rid
negotiators
to me from the army
in which this year filed
this preparation
so two senses between all
and restore them
the steak that ever
he was absent
to smooth
my father's dream if access
to finish the presentation of my steak tartare
and I am ready to serve the service